(Frog)
Lights,
camera...
Take ten!
Let's hope
this one's the keeper!
Hey, yoooo!
It's ya boy,
the one who put the fab in dab,
your host, the Brave Battler!
Here with another
flash episode of
"LINK VRAINS,
The Road to Glory!"
Where I travel
throughout LINK VRAINS
and reveal all
the hidden secrets and tricks
of becoming
a champion like me!
(laughing)
Secrets are everywhere.
(laughs)
Huh?
Like there!
Look here!
It's a garbage can!
Now,
it may look like an ordinary
garbage can on the outside,
but in LINK VRAINS,
what you see
isn't always what it seems.
It can be a secret entrance
to a hidden lair
or a rare card shop,
or in this case,
it can be
an ordinary garbage can!
With a bag of garba--
(beeps)
This video is garbage.
Total garbage.
You're not actually
thinking of airing this, are
you?
What choice do I have?
We haven't seen
Playmaker in weeks,
and we gotta air something.
But, boss,
we'd probably get higher
ratings showing a squirrel
dining on a piece
of cheese than him.
Ya think I
'm not upset too?
The Brave Battler tricked us
but mostly you into
giving him his own show!
"Since I'm Playmaker's
best friend,
"I can give ya total access
to Playmaker.
Ain't that flash dab de dab?"
(laughing)
But all he did was give us
access to the lowest ratings
in history!
Then I don't get it.
Why do ya keep putting
the Battler back on the air?
Why don't you just fire him?
It's not like
you owe him anything
so why not just
cut our losses, move on
and then we can start
fresh tomorrow, boss.
I wish I could but I signed him
to an exclusive contract.
So?
It was for fifteen years.
Fifteen years!
Remember that exclusive footage
we had of Playmaker
vs. the Knights of Hanoi?
That clip was viewed
six hundred million times!
But our latest episode?
Only a thousand!
Well, a thousand views
isn't that bad.
Yeah it is,
if you check the logs.
One view was by me to make sure
the clip was up,
another was by you
cuz you wanted to make sure
the clip was up.
And the remaining 998 times
was by the Brave Battler!
(screaming)
So we're the only ones
who watched it?
(panting)
So basically we're doing
journalism for no one!
If we don't get some
clicks and get 'em soon,
we're gonna have to turn off
the lights in this place.
(grunts)
And there sure are a lot
of lights in here.
I bet it's gonna
take you forever
to screw out
all the light bulbs.
What? Me?
Yeah, cuz I can't do it.
I have wings,
not opposable thumbs like you.
Well you know what?!
I oppose that idea!
Because we're not
going out of business!
Oh yeah?
Let's get back to doing
what we do best,
and that's finding
Playmaker on our own!
So go out into LINK VRAINS
and find him,
even if takes you all night!
(screaming)
You're crushing my feathers!
(both screaming)
(electronic whirring)
(Hayami)
Umm, Mr. Zaizen,
shouldn't you get
the Queen's permission
before changing
the security protocols?
And deal with
all that red tape?
Not when LINK VRAINS' systems
can be attacked at any moment.
(Hayami)
Attacked? By who?
The situation with the Ignis
has evolved and unfortunately,
I cannot say
it's for the better.
The Ignis declared war
on humanity?
(Ai)
Not all of us...
but more than one.
So yeah.
That
's not good.
Like you, I hoped humans
and Ignis would come together.
An all-out war between us
is the last thing
I wanted to see happen.
We'll do everything
we can to stop Lightning.
In the meantime,
I suggest you
beef up security in LINK VRAINS.
If the Ignis attack,
the destruction could be
even worse
than what
the Knights of Hanoi did.
The Knights of Hanoi destroyed
everything in LINK VRAINS.
Could the Ignis
be worse than that?
Beats me.
(Kolter)
Ghost Gal sent us footage
of Earth's final moments.
I'm warnin' ya, it's not pretty.
What's going on?
Let's get to work, shall we?
(electronic whirring)
What's that?
This is awkward.
It's more horrible
than I imagined.
Afterwards, SOL
Technologies put Earth's data
into Gore's brain.
And messed him up too.
Yes.
Destroying two lives
in the process.
(Ai)
I'm not gonna say I'm angry...
cuz I'm furious!
They think it's fine
to treat us like this?
(Yusaku)
No. It's not fine.
Huh?
It's not fine to hurt anyone...
and it still isn't.
Yusaku...
(Theodore)
You okay, Yusaku?
(gasps)
You forgot this.
(sighs)
I never heard you yell before...
well, your version of yelling.
I think your volume went up
by like one Yusaku.
But I totally get it,
losing your friends
and allies isn't easy.
I don't know how I'll deal
if I ever lose Flame.
And I know you feel
the same way about Ai.
Now before you answer,
it's ok to not answer too.
Good.
I'll take your silence as a yes.
You'll miss me.
I'll miss ya too, buddy.
But even if we wanna hang out
together forever,
not everyone ends up that lucky.
When I gobbled up
some of Gore's data,
I also got
some of Earth's memories.
The Cyberse is splitting in two.
There are those who believe
that we can coexist
with the humans.
And there are others who don't.
Yes.
And I don't know
if we can remain neutral.
The time is coming
when we must decide
which side to join,
the humans or the Ignis.
And that time is soon.
Go to their world and see what
the humans are really like
before you make your decision.
Because what you choose
wo
n't only affect you,
but the future of us all.
I've hacked my brain
so that I can calculate
moves faster and better
than any human or Ignis.
Your defeat is only
a matter of time.
This human...
has no qualms
about hurting me...
or Aqua.
It's my turn!
It's hard to make peace
when we're already
at each other's throats.
Yeah...
But on the bright side,
we can't make peace
unless we are fighting, right?
You do know how silly
that sounds, don't you?
Yes, I do!
Well, Ai, as much as
I hate to admit it,
it's turning out
just as Varis predicted.
That war between the Ignis
and the humans was inevitable.
It's not just Varis,
Lightning thought
the same thing.
Humans want to destroy us,
so we want to destroy
the humans.
It's nice and clean.
What other
possible solution is there?
How about not fighting
each other at all!
Ya know, trying to live
together in peace?
Like me and Playmaker.
Sure we got our ups
and downs...
mostly downs.
But it's working out...
mostly.
You mean coexistence.
While that sounds plausible,
it's impossible.
Even your coexistence
with Playmaker will not last.
Well...
that doesn|t sound good.
Understatement.
And then Varis showed up
and threw oil on the fire.
Varis!
Are you here to help us?
Of course not.
You see I only came here
to do one thing.
And that's to destroy the Ignis.
Quite the introduction.
Then allow me to
introduce myself in return.
Watch yourself, Varis!
(electronic whirring)
Hmm, seems he was ready
for your lightning, Lightning.
Didn't even faze
or daze him at all.
Unlike some other fool
that I know...
I came here prepared
knowing that you'd try
something underhanded.
Huh?
Is he talking about me?
Who else could it be?
I'm surprised you made it here.
You shouldn't be,
the Hanoi have eyes
all over the network.
You can hide from us,
but you can't hide
from us forever.
No, no, no, no,
I meant that you made it here
past my security detail.
Since I had Echo standing guard
to ward off all intruders.
Your so-called securit
y's
not good enough
to guard an empty piggy bank.
My team's mopping them up
as we speak.
Isn't it crazy...
that more folks
want to fight than not?
Actually, it isn't that crazy.
As AIs evolve,
humans fear that
they will take over our lives.
And the AIs fear
that we will destroy them...
in order to prevent
that reality from happening.
And when we're scared and angry,
we don't always make
the right decisions.
Believe me, I know.
Huh?
(Yusaku)
After the Lost Incident,
the only thing I desired
was revenge
for those who wronged me.
And in the end,
all of the hate
that I was filled with
added up to nothing.
And it cost me years
of my life
which I can never get back.
Well, I don't intend
on wastin' years or days
or even seconds!
Cuz remember what you said
when you were about to face off
against Bohman...
Listen, Bohman.
The peace you're talking about,
isn't really peace at all.
Because you want
to force it on us
instead of letting us choose.
I view things
differently than you.
I believe we
can co-exist in peace
because we want
to co-exist in peace.
Not by force but by choice.
What you speak of is impossible.
(Playmaker)
No.
The impossible is just
the possible
that has yet to be done.
(Flame)
I'm impressed, Ai.
You actually remembered
something worth remembering.
Yeah, so keep them
challenges coming!
And the harder they are
the better they are!
Sure.
I appreciate
the enthusiasm, Theodore
but wouldn't we prefer it
if the challenges
weren't so hard?
Oh, yeah, you're right!
(laughs)
It's fine.
Whether things
are easy or hard...
our sole objective
is to bring this war
to a quick conclusion.
That
's right!
(Yusaku)
And then me and you
will go our separate ways, Ai.
Huh? Come again?
I said that
when the war is finally over,
we will go our separate ways.
No, I heard you,
but I don't think
I heard you correctly.
It's something that's been
weighing on my mind
for quite some time.
If you stay with me,
then other people will
always try to hunt you down.
You'll never have
a single moment of peace.
But if you rebuild your Cyberse
somewhere
where humans can't reach,
somewhere far from LINK VRAINS
in the infinite of
the digital network...
some place even I don't know,
so I can't reveal it
to anyone...
then you, Flame
and the other Ignis
will be safe.
But doesn't that mean
we'll never see
each other again?
I never said you can't visit.
As long as your visits
are occasional
and not all the time.
Oh-oh.
He's doing
the mouth thing again.
Still freaks me out.
Sounds like a plan.
Hmm?
But all this going away talk
is making me kinda misty.
I haven't gone away yet,
you know.
Yeah, I know that, Flame.
And I know that someday,
people will grow up
and learn that humans
and AIs can coexist.
It's just sad that
that day isn't today.
So until that day comes,
the only thing I
care about is that yo
u're safe.
And I'll do anything
to keep you safe...
even if that means
you have to go away.
Cuz I know...
that even if we're apart,
we'll always be friends
to the end.
Yes. Friends forever.
Wow, that was some sunshine
wrapped up
in a storm cloud tortilla.
Yes, Ai,
our future is comprised
of many unknowns
which can darken its outlook...
But to ensure that
a future exists,
we must never stop
believing in it.
(grunting)
Elbows loose.
I'm ready to get things rolling.
But, where's my camera crew at?
When did we become "his"
camera crew?
Once I saw that
your bank account
was unaccounted for.
(gasps)
What's up?
What's up
is right up there, boss!
Huh?
(gasping)
Cha-ching! It's Playmaker!
After them! ASAP!
(laughing)
Wait, but what about
Brave Battler?
(Frog)
Brave who?
C'mon! Get your rumproastin'!
Coming!
(Pigeon panting)
They're too fast, boss!
Can't catch up.
(groans)
Seems like they've upgraded
their Duel boosters
but I got upgrades too!
What?
(laughs)
(grunts)
(screaming)
(laughing maniacally)
Nice, boss!
This is super fast!
And it only cost us
your next month's
paycheck to purchase!
But I couldn't afford
the brakes.
Say what?
(Pigeon screaming)
Hey, you two.
Why did you call us here?
(all)
Huh?
(distant screaming)
Who was that?
When Lightning says
he's smarter than humans,
he may actually have a case.
So what's up, Playmaker?
Varis sent me a message saying
he wants to meet with us here.
(gasping)
Varis?
For real?
That's right.
(gasps)
(Yusaku)
Is that a card?
No, it's too thick to be one.
(gasps)
(Ghost Ghal)
He wants to meet us for what?
He didn't share any information.
Maybe he's holding
a family game night.
Can't play charades solo.
But how exactly was
Varis able to find you
in the real world?
Because he knows
Playmaker's secret identity.
Crazy, right?
(gasps)
What?
You thought you were
the only one who knew?
What? No way!
Settle down, Soulburner.
It's not that surprising.
Since the Hanoi
were deeply involved
in the Lost Incident,
it's only natural
that he knows the identities
of all the unfortunate victims.
Yeah,
I guess you're right.
(Ai)
But on the flip side,
Playmaker and I know
Varis's identity,
so like the numbers
4, and 9 and 16,
we're all square!
(gasping)
Well?
Come on, tell us, who is he?
Whoa, whoa,
you can ask him
who he is directly
when we meet him.
But should we?
He's made it clear that he wants
to destroy all the Ignis.
Including us.
Yeah, true.
But I know this is gonna
sound really, really weird,
and it's gonna be really,
really, really weirder
for me to say,
but we couldn't have gotten
this far without his help.
Varis?!
(Ai)
What are you
doing here?
And when are you leaving?
I saw that you let
Bohman escape.
We didn't "let" him
do anything.
If history is any indicator,
Bohman is sure to come back
stronger than before.
So you need to be prepared.
Whoa!
And what is this?
(Roken)
Just a little something.
Consider it a gift.
Looks like some kinda program.
It'll protect you
from the Ignis' attacks
in the real world,
so you don't end up
mind controlled
like your friend Jin.
Just load it
into your Duel Disk.
Ha! Like w
e'd ever trust you!
No way we're
running this program.
Huh?!
(moaning)
Exhilarating.
(Yusaku)
Well?
It's the real deal!
Well, then, see you around.
Wait, why are you helping us?
You're like our super villain.
The enemy of my enemy
is my friend.
Well, at least for now.
So he's both our ally
and our enemy.
Yes, but the question is,
which one is he currently?
An ally? Or an enemy?
Who knows.
What do you think?
I don't think it hurts
to meet Varis.
And if he gets out of line,
let's put him in his place.
What do you think, Soulburner?
Whatever you decide,
I will follow.
All right.
It looks like we caught up
to Playmaker.
Caught up?
We almost got blown up!
By buying that rocket,
we almost bought the farm!
You're lucky that I was able
to unstrap myself in time
or we'd be singing
our swan song.
Shush! Stop squawking!
Don't ya see
we hit the jackpot?
Cuz it ain't just
Playmaker goin' solo.
Ghost Gal and some
turquoise lady's here too!
I know an exclusive scoop
when I see one!
So, get your camera rollin'!
Aye, aye!
(Ai)
Where is Varis anyway?
(gasps)
What's this?
We're trapped inside
some form of barrier.
(gasping)
Good. You're all here.
It's Varis.
What's the big idea
locking us up?
No need to worry.
This barrier's
to prevent outsiders
from snooping in
on our conversation.
Or so you say.
He's telling the truth.
My scans say that all signals
are being blocked.
I wish we could hear
what they were talking about.
(grunts)
If we only had a better mic!
Varis,
why did you reach out
and call us here?
I called you here
for a simple reason.
I request your assistance.
(Ghost Gal)
Hold on a sec.
The Varis is asking us for help?
Why would that surprise you?
Though we are
on opposite sides,
we do have the same goal,
which is to defeat
the Light Ignis.
Therefore our interests
are quite aligned.
So if you help me,
you're helping
yourselves as well.
Is he telling the truth?
Yes.
He's not trying to trick us.
I don't buy it.
Cuz the Hanoi I know
never ask for help.
And I mean never.
That's where you're wrong,
Ghost Gal, very wrong.
Why just the other day
I tried to get
The Shepherd to join my side.
You asked my brother?
(Varis)
Though he didn't
accept my invitation,
I did give him a clue
as to how to defeat the Ignis.
From one hunter to another,
allow me to give you some
professional dueling advice.
Unless you up your
dueling skills,
you'll never defeat an Ignis.
Especially since they have
a powerful new card
known as a Link Spell.
A Link Spell?
It's a spell card that has
Link Arrows of its own,
opening up whole new
dueling strategies.
So unless your game is prepared
to deal with a card
like that, Shepherd,
you have no chance of winning.
But even with that knowledge,
the Light Ignis proved
too much for him.
Good bye, my friend.
LEGATUS LEGIONIS,
attack FORTRESSDRONE BEEHIVE
and end this duel!
(grunts)
(blasting)
(grunting)
I've never seen
anything like it.
The Shepherd dueled
close to perfection,
and he still lost
against the Light Ignis.
So you want to know
why I'm asking for your help?
Because if the times
are changing,
then I have to change
with the times.
And le
t's be honest,
you need my help as well.
So long story short,
the big bad Varis is scared
of the teeny tiny Lightning!
You can believe
whatever you want
because what an Ignis thinks
is no concern of mine.
(Soulburner)
I'll never team up
with you, Varis!
After everything
you did to ruin my life?
(Grandfather)
When you went missing,
your parents went out
to search for you...
but they never returned.
They've gone missing.
I'm so sorry, Theodore.
We've searched and searched,
but we were unable to find them.
If it wasn't for your
Lost Incident,
my parents would still be
a part of my life!
Yes, I know.
(Soulburner)
No, you don't know a thing!
But I do know this,
now that we're face to face,
I'm gonna defeat you
in a duel!
Soulburner...
(Soulburner)
Sorry, everyone,
but this is one of those times
when I gotta do
what I gotta do!
Or my soul will never
be at rest.
I'm about to take you down!
Very well.
Let's duel...
Soulburner.
(electronic whirring)